1. home section backgroung image size
2. website stuttering
3. brochure loading time
4. logo placement at top will be redone and black margin required
5. delius pharmaceutical font change (homepage)
6. animation text color darker, (add one more line)
7. tgline img on whatsapp placed above brochure
8. home socials button{total} should redirect
9. about us (corporate vid instead of img, should redirect to yt and should also play constantly)
10. remove "description" in abt us with overview and change font of paragraph. remove "ethical and generic" from paragraph
11. line 2: innovation and well-being of patient
12. delius generics: "quality medicines" 
13. delius likhne pr site sabse upar chiye
14. countries we export in not working
15. corporate hq - mumbai office
16. open in google maps(not tapable except for vegas mall)
17. office locations > registered office(vegas) 
			- corporate office(mumbai)
		        - zonal office(in place of other regional) [patna] 
			- inrternational office (remove inc.)
18. remove messenger and add call now (should be redirecting all 3 of them and call now par mera number rhega)
19. test contact us
20. footer pr write to us at instead of mail us (all 3 buttons should be redirecting in footer)email : info@delius.in
21. instead of google+ add insta
22. remove services add management,contact to overview, add linktree in contact us,our services to expertise,instead of portfolio add product,about to heritage, instead of expert team add our team , leatest news ("https://www.entrepenuerstories.com/latest/revolutionary-brands-of-delius-pharma-4g-rab-dsr-4g-pan-dsr-have-shaken-the-generic-market/")
i
23. to report a product query and adverse drug event please reach us at info@delius.in
24. remove typable thing in your main and replace with info@delius.in
25. contact to contact us
26. delius brochure spelling  and delius pharmaceutical to pharmaceuticals and remove date
27. remove contact us and into in footer and pharmaceuticals spelling and add a copyright content line all socails should be redirecting
28. numbers speak for themselves stutter
29. use paid google ads to rank 